How many older brothers did Mikey have in the episode 'The Battling Eevee Brothers'?
What were the illustriations of Eevee inspired by?
Who was the owner of Eevee in Detective Pikachu?
What makes Chloe Cerise's Eevee special in the Pokémon anime?
How many possible evolutionary forms does Eevee have?
What is the most recent Pokemon generation Eevee appears in?
What color eyes does Eevee have?
Did Eevee appear in Detective Pikachu?
Does the player had Eevee as a starter when Eevee first evolves in Pokémon Yellow?
Was Jolteon designed by Atsuko Nishida?
Does Eevee has access to Extreme Evoboost In Pokémon Yellow?
What Eeveelution was known as the "false prophet" on a famous Twitch stream?
Who designed Vaporeon?
Who owns Eevee in Detective Pikachu?
Who owns a unique Eevee incapable of evolving?
How many different evolutions does eevee have?
Who created Eevee?
In The Battling Eevee Brothers, what is the name of the character who didn't want to evolve his Eevee?
Was the Eevee pokemon designed by Donald Trump?
What were Eevee's initial evolutions?
What is Eevee best known for?
Who was the design for Eevee and its initial evolutions provided by?
What is the name of a little boy who was hiding the Evolution Pokémon from his three older brothers because they wanted him to evolve it?
Who was Leafeon designed by?
Does Eevee have an unstable genetic code?
What is May's Eevee evolved into in the episode "Espeon, Not Included"?
What Pokemon games did Eevee first appear in?
Who was Jolteon designed by?
Where did Lana acquire Sandy?
Was Eevee's second appearance in the anime in The Battling Eevee Brothers?
Who created Eevee?
Does Eevee has more than 5 evolutions?
Which company did Atsuko Nishida work for?
What is theorized that the reason why the special Eevee owned by Chloe Cerise cannot evolve is related to its hesitancy in making important decisions?
Except for Jolteon and Flareon, who were the Eeveelutions designed by?
Who created the Pokémon franchise?
What was the name of the first episode of the Pokémon anime in which Eevee appeared?
In Detective Pikachu, was the Eevee evolved into a Vaporeon?
Has Eevee generally received negative receptions?
How many possible evolutionary forms does Eevee has?
How many different Pokémon can Eeve evolve into?
What Eeveelution is the same type as Pikachu?
Why is Eevee called Evolution Pokémon?
In which media Eevee could transform back and forth from the three evolutions Vaporeon, Jolteon, and Flareon?
Does Eevee have blue eyes?
What type of evolution does Eevee have?
Who is Eevee?
Are there multiple versions of different languages for Pokémon?
In which video game did Eevee receive a unique Gigantamax form with access to the unique G-Max Move G-Max Cuddle?
Is Eevee the game mascot for Pokemon Red?
Were Satoshi Tajiri and Ken Sugimori friends?
In Pokémon Adventures, which evolution does Eevee ultimately take on?
What did eevee evolve into in the file  Detective Pikachu?
What was Eevee originally going to be named?
Where was Eevee's first anime appearance?
Does Eevee have small ears?
Is Eevee popular with Pokemon fans?
Did Motofumi Fujiwara design vaporeon?
What was Eevee originally going to be named?
What did Serena's Eevee evolve into?
Do both Gary Oak and Mikey have an Eevee?
Who came up with the name "eeveelutions"?
Where was Eevee ranked in a list of the "Top 10 Cutest Video Game Characters"?
What have fans dubbed Eevee's multiple potential evolutions?
Is Eevee considered a popular Pokemon?
How many evolutions does Eevee have?
Which company did Motofumi Fujiwara work for?
Are Eevee rare?
Is Extreme Evoboost available to Eevee in Pokémon Sun and Moon?
Does Eevee have brown paw pads?
Why does Eevee have multiple potential evolutions?
How many evolutions of Eevee are there?
Who did Mikey's Eevee defeat?
Which were the first three evolutions of Eevee?
Which pokemon is known as the Evolution Pokémon?
Is Mikey one of the brothers who wasn't hiding the evolved Eevee in the Pokemon anime?
What generation was Vaporeon released as a Pokemon?
Which pokemon is called the Evolution Pokémon?
Where can you get an Eevee in Pokemon Red, Blue, and Yellow?
Why is Eevee able to evolve into different forms?
Who owns a special Eevee that is incapable of evolving in the Pokemon anime?
In Pokemon Yellow, what starter does the player get instead of Eeevee?
What is the goal of the game "Eager Eevee?"
How many possible evolutionary forms does Eevee have?
Which anime did Eevee first appear in?
Do all the first generation Pokémon get a special DVD during the 10th anniversary of the Pokémon franchise?
Why did Mikey's older brothers accepted the fact his Eevee is fine just the way it is?
Eeve first appeared in which video games?
What animal is Eevee based on?
How many Eeveelutions are there?
What feature does Eevee have exclusively when he was first introduced?
Can Eevee evolve into eight different pokemons?
How many evolutions does Eevee have?
Is Pokémon Snap part of the main Pokémon game series?
Who owns the Eevee that was experimented on by Team Rocket?
Who designed all the Eeveelutions except for Jolteon and Flareon?
In what episode did the Eevee of the youngest Kimono girl evolve?
What was Eevee going to be originally named before the English versions of the games were released?
Did Atsuko Nishida design Flareon?
Is eevee Liz Finnegan's favorite Pokémon?
In what game was the first Eevee Pokemon species introduced?
Who described Eevee as "enduringly popular"?
What are the first three eeveelutions?
How many Kimono girls have evolved Eevees?
Who designed most of the Eeveelutions?
What color are Eevee's eyes?
Which Japanese graphic designer provided the design for Eevee and its initial evolution, Jolteon and Flareon
Is Umbreon one of the first three Eeveelutions?
Did Atsuko Nishida design all the Eeveelutions?
Did Eevee appear in Detective Pikachu?
What were the first three evolutions of Eevee?
Is Eevee a normal type Pokemon?
Who created Eevee?
How many evolutions of Eevee were introduced when the Eevee pokemon species was first introduced?
Who was the creator of the Pok mon franchise?
In which video game was the player to receive an Eevee from Professor Oak at the beginning of the game as the player's starter?
What did Mikey defeating Team Rocket with his Eevee prove to his brothers?
Can Eevee evolve to suit their surroundings?
What type of Pok mon did Fujiwara want to create?
Who designed all the Eeveelutions except for Jolteon and Flareon?
Was Jolteon designed by Atsuko Nishida?
What was Eevee called in the original Japanese games?
Did Howard Clifford once own an Eevee?
Where can Eevee survive?
Where did Eevee first appear?
Who evolves Eevee into Umbreon?
What generation was Sylveon released as an Eeveelution?
Who wanted to create a blank slate Pokémon?
How many more evolutions have been introduced in Pok mon games?
In which series Eevee evolves into Sylveon?
In which film does Howard Clifford appear?
Who provided the designs for Jolteon and Flareon?
What makes it possible for the Eevee pokemon to evolve?
What game is Eevee the mascot of?
Which Pokémon has the second most potential evolutions?
What is Eevee's minigame called in Pokémon Stadium 2?
What are the eight evolutions of Eevee called?
Can Chloe Cerise's Eevee evolve?
Did Atsuko Nishida design Flareon?
Which country does Eevee's designers come from?
Who was Eevee created by?
How many Eeveelutions were introduced later in the Pokemon franchise?
In which Pokémon generation was Eevee introduced?
What were Eevee's initial evolutions?
Red's Eevee which could transform from Vaporeon, Flareon, and Jolteon at will was experimented on by who?
What color are Eevee's paw pads?
How many people were involved in the designing of Eevee's evolution?
What did May's Eevee that hatched from an egg evolve into?
Does Eevee have blue feather?
What is the most recent Eeveelution?
Was Jolteon designed by Atsuko Nishida?
When is Eevee's first appearance in the anime?
Is Eevee easy to find in the game?
Which evolution did Howard Clifford's Eevee take in Detective Pikachu?
What color is Eevee's fur?
Who got a shaggy haired Eevee nicknamed Sandy in Sun and Moon?
In which video game did Eevee gain access to upgrade the move Last Resort to its exclusive Z-Move, Extreme Evoboost, while holding its unique Z-Crystal Eevium Z.?
Is Eevee in Pokemon Go?
Is Eevee a Pokémon?
